Amanda Sukhdeo
Internet and Web Programming
Spring 2024 
Homework 8

1. What does it mean to escape data? How does escaping data help us avoid malicious code?
    Escaping data refers to modifying characters within data that could be interpreted as 
    commands or code to render them harmless within a web page or database query. Special 
    characters are converted into their encoded equivalents, ensuring that they are treated 
    as literal data rather than executable code, thus reducing the risk of security 
    vulnerabilities like SQL injection or cross-site scripting attacks.

2. Please read through: https://www.codecademy.com/article/what-is-rest
    a. What is REST? What is meant by Statelessness?
        REST (REpresentation State Transfer) is an architectural style that facilitates 
        communication between computer systems on the web. It emphasizes statelessness 
        and the separation of concerns between client and server. Statelessness refers 
        to the characteristic where the server does not need to know anything about what 
        state the client is in and vice versa. This means that each request from the 
        client  to the server must contain all the information necessary for the server 
        to fulfill the request without relying on any previous communication or context. 

    b. What is a resource?
        Resources are the nouns of the web that enforce statelessness. Resources describe 
        any object, document, or thing that you may need to store or send to other services. 

    c. Look at the section on Path design: In a RESTful architecture paradigm what would be 
       the proper way to create a path for: (provide URL and HTTP method)
       i.   getting a list of users?
            GET http://fashionboutique.com/customers
       ii.  getting a particular user?
            GET http://fashionboutique.com/customers/456
       iii. saving a user? 
            POST http://fashionboutique.com/customers

3. What is a Cookie?
    Cookies are files of information that a web server generates and sends to a web browser. 
    They are used by the website to remember your visit, making easier to visit the site again.

4. What is a session?
    A session is a group of user interactions with a website that take place within a given time 
    frame. A single session might contain multiple page views, events, social interactions, and 
    e-commerce interactions. A single user can have multiple sessions. 